Alrighty, so moving along
with our development process.
So in this video, we'll cover steps three and four
of adding a click handler for the Add to cart button,
and also updating the product list component
with the click handler method.
Alrighty, so let's move in here
and let's update the code here
for our product list grid component dot html.
Let me expand this window here.
And I want to move down to the area
where we have the buttons for our Add to cart.
So this is the loop for our collection of products.
All right, let's scroll down a bit.
Okay, great, so on line 20,
this is where we have the button for Add to cart.
And I'm going to change this from an href to a button
because href is for normal links,
and here we're going to use a button
and we'll make use of a click handler
and also add some nice styling to the button.
So I'll change the styles here.
So instead of primary button,
I'll make use of some native bootstrap styles.
All right, so button primary, button small.
All right, so that's the button part of it.
Then I'll add the click handler event.
So here I'll say on click,
and then I give the actual methods to call.
So I'll call addToCart and I'll pass in tempProduct.
And now the ID will actually tell me,
hey, there's an error here, mister.
(chuckling)
This method is not defined.
I know that, we're going to in the next step,
but just for now, this is the basic layout here
for our button.
All right, so now we'll do the work
of updating the ProductListComponent
with the click handler method.
So let's go ahead and move
into our product-list component dot ts.
Expand my window here and scroll to the top,
so we're in ProductListComponent right now.
And I'll move all the way down to the end
of this class and I'll add a new method.
And so this method is addToCart and I'll pass in a product.
And right now, just to keep things simple,
I'll simply log the product name and price.
And then I know I have more work to do
as far as all the real heavy work,
but we'll do that in some of the later videos.
Right now I'm just getting the basics in place
just for logging the addToCart.
So let's go ahead and run this and test it out.
Alrighty, swing into our browser,
and since we're doing the console dot log,
I need to open up my Developer Console.
And so at the bottom, we should see
some logging messages here, so good.
So add in the cart Crash Course in Python,
let's add in the Guru JavaScript.
Great, that looks good.
We move over to our mouse pads,
we add a mouse pad for Sweeper,
okay, great, and for Aspire, great.
All right, so we know that the functionality
for Add to cart is working, kind of working.
(chuckling)
It's not really updating yet,
because our status component hasn't really changed.
But we'll add code for this in the next set of videos.
But don't worry, a lot of good things are coming.